Mission Statement

Faith Forward

We are committed to bringing hope and restoration to the hurting with encouragement We are committed to bringing hope and restoration to the hurting with encouragement to move forward by reaching one goal at a time.

Faith Forward is a faith-based human services facility that provides people in the community with resources, counseling, and encouragement to overcome life's obstacles. We do this by utilizing programs and professionally trained individuals within our community.

Faith Forward has been serving communities since 2013 by providing human services such as counseling, addiction recovery support, employment and housing assistance, life coaching, prison release support, and family relationship counseling.

 

Angel Amr's

Angel Arms provides a short-term safe atmosphere for infants and children suffering from substance abuse. Angel Arms provides support services for families and communities to educate, bring awareness, and provide managed care for infants and children exposed to drugs while providing services for birthparents and caregivers.

Programming at Angel Arms centers is composed of professionally trained therapist and mentors who are committed compassionate people. Individuals in recovery, NAS infants, caregivers, and their families can be assured that they will be met in a nonjudgmental environment with encouragement and support. Our staff is dedicated to providing counseling and the integration of sound community practices in the recovery process. We provide individualized care, infant and children support, and group therapy to treat the entire person physically, psychologically and spiritually.

 

AMission Statement for Angel Arms Brighter Path
At Angel Arms Brighter Path, our mission is to empower children who face trauma and special challenges including those affected by Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS) and other drug exposure by providing a supportive and nurturing environment. We utilize the ITCM model to implement a holistic approach that addresses each child’s educational, nutritional, social-emotional, counseling, and developmental needs. Through a series of targeted skills and activities, we strive to foster resilience, build self-esteem, and create brighter futures for every child in our care.
ngel Arms provides a short-term safe atmosphere for infants and children suff
\
 
 
CaCalled to Care “National and International, under Faith Forward to Serve Those in Need, exists to mobilize and equip teams to serve with integrity, humility, and cultural sensitivity. We are committed to meeting urgent needs and fostering lasting impact—locally and globally—through collaborative partnerships, holistic care, and the demonstration of Christ’s love in action.
 
(comprehensive)
Faith Forward Ministries exists to serve children and families in crisis through compassionate counseling, casework, outreach, and special interest groups. We are dedicated to meeting basic needs with food assistance, emergency supports, and community programs, in partnership with local organizations. Our ministry is sustained by donations and guided by Christian compassion, humility, and service to Westmoreland County, Indiana County, and the surrounding areas.
Tagline options
How can we Help?
Service Description
We serve children and families in crisis with counseling, casework, outreach, special interest groups, and community events. We partner with the county food bank to provide food assistance and connect families to essential resources. We operate across Westmoreland County, Indiana County, and surrounding areas. We are a 501(c)(3) nonprofit funded by donations.   All donations are %100 back into the minsitry
Contact and location
Phone: 724-539-7900
Text: 724-516-9492
Email: faithforwardpa@gmail.com
Addresses:
o 338 Main Street, Latrobe, PA 15650
o 60 and 52 West Market Street, Blairsville, PA 15717
Mailing/Donations: Faith Forward Ministries is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit. Donations are gratefully accepted to support services and community events.